Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Linagora

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version, provided you comply with the Additional Terms applicable for OBM
software by Linagora pursuant to Section 7 of the GNU Affero General Public
License, subsections (b), (c), and (e), pursuant to which you must notably (i)
retain the displaying by the interactive user interfaces of the “OBM, Free
Communication by Linagora” Logo with the “You are using the Open Source and
free version of OBM developed and supported by Linagora. Contribute to OBM R&D
by subscribing to an Enterprise offer !” infobox, (ii) retain all hypertext
links between OBM and obm.org, between Linagora and linagora.com, as well as
between the expression “Enterprise offer” and pro.obm.org, and (iii) refrain
from infringing Linagora intellectual property rights over its trademarks and
commercial brands. Other Additional Terms apply, see
<http://www.linagora.com/licenses/> for more details.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License and
its applicable Additional Terms for OBM along with this program. If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> for the GNU Affero General   Public License
version 3 and <http://www.linagora.com/licenses/> for the Additional Terms
applicable to the OBM software.

What is it?
-----------

OBM is a collaborative messaging platform.

The Latest Versions
-------------------

Details of the latest version can be found on the OBM website http://obm.org/.

Documentation
-------------

The documentation available as of the date of this release is included in the /docs/ directory. The most up-to-date documentation can be found at http://obm.org/

Installation
------------

Please see the file called doc/INSTALL

Changelog
---------

Please see the file doc/changelog.txt

Licensing
---------

Please see the file called LICENSE

Contacts
--------

  o If you want to be informed about new code releases, bug fixes, security
    fixes, general news and information about the OBM server subscribe to the
    obm mailing list as described under <http://obm.org>

  o If you want freely available support for running OBM please join the OBM
    user community by subscribing to Users Mailing List at <http://obm.org> or
    the following Channel on IRC : #obm

  o If you want commercial support for running OBM please contact
    our team at <http://www.obm.org/team>

  o If you have a concrete bug report for OBM please go to the
    OBM Bugzilla and submit your report:
    <https://www.obm.org/bugzilla/>

  o If you want to participate in actively developing OBM please
    subscribe to the obm mailing list as described at <http://obm.org>
